fix(float): missing default highlight for title (#28617)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/api.txt

<
                  • title: Title (optional) in window border, string or list.
                    List should consist of `[text, highlight]` tuples. If

>                     string, or the tuple lacks a highlight, the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    string, or a tuple lacks a highlight, the default
```

>                     string or not config highlight in tuples, the default

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                    string, or the tuple lacks a highlight, the default
```

                    highlight group is `FloatTitle`.
                  • title_pos: Title position. Must be set with `title`
                    option. Value can be one of "left", "center", or "right".
                    Default is `"left"`.
                  • footer: Footer (optional) in window border, string or
                    list. List should consist of `[text, highlight]` tuples.

>                     If string, or the tuple lacks a highlight, the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    If string, or a tuple lacks a highlight, the default
```
